---
layout: post
title: Pivot
---
The long term goal of Doxnosis has always been focused on patients and caretakers to better understand what happens to their personal health information after hitting that "submit" button.  We feel that consumer health security education, and transparent privacy policies are the best way to equip individuals with the information necessary to critically evaluate mobile health applications and the health IT leveraged in their care. 

It is, however, impossible to evaluate each and every app and platform and vendor on the ever growing market.  With over 40k mhealth apps available, and a fragmented enterprise health IT system, we feel it's in the interest of the consumer to take a different approach.

At the core of health information security, we feel that the big elephant in the room is how health data warehousers sell anonymized PHI to third party vendors. 

We are currently devising a list of standards, that companies can pledge to, specifically focused on how the data holder will treat patient health information.  We are looking at policy models that appropriately address research, non-profits and commercial engagements. 

We are currently in a discovery phase, and hope to release our first set of standards this Spring, with a final release during the Summer of 2014.  We are excited for this new direction, and have been encouraged by the recent community support.  

If you, or your organization is interested in participating in this health data conversation, please reach out to us on twitter, or email.   
